[OC-1387] New opfab description in documentation (#757)
opfab/operatorfabric-core: README.adoc

== Introduction

//tag::short_description[]
OperatorFabric is a modular, extensible, industrial-strength platform for use in electricity, water, and other utility operations.

It aims to facilitate operational activities for utilities in two ways :

> * Centralize realtime business events in a single place to avoid having multiple screens/software, operatorFabric provide 

Author: ```suggestion
* Centralize real time business events in a single place to avoid having multiple screens/software. To do so,  OperatorFabric provides 
```

> ** events notification named "card"  with filtering features (severity , date , process ... )
> ** events dispatching rules on a per user basis (using concepts of groups, organizational entities , process .. )
> ** end points for business application to send the events. 
> ** a mechanism of templating to customize events rendering (using HTML5 )
> ** a view of the events on a timeline and agenda view 
> ** storage of all the events (archive feature)
> ** notifications via sounds 
> ** possibilities  to integrate screen form other applications

Author: ```suggestion
** event notifications named "cards"  with filtering features (severity , date , process ... )
** event dispatching rules on a per user basis (based on groups, organizational entities, processes... )
** event-sending endpoints for business applications 
** a mechanism of templating to customize events rendering (using HTML5 )
** a view of the events on a timeline and agenda view 
** storage of all the events (archive feature)
** notifications via sounds 
** possibilities  to integrate screen form other applications
```

> * Facilitate interactions between operational control centers:
> ** Share in real time information pre-formatted messages as card that can be manually send by operators or automatically by external solutions.
> ** Introduce preformatted question/response exchange between control centers, this can be used to implement operational processes (with notion of last time to response).  
> ** Share events in calendar (With capacity to have repeating events)
> 
> In addition, the following features are available :  internalization, time-zone management, UI light/dark mode,  authorization mechanism.
> 
> Integration with IT system is facilitate : support on Firefox and Chromium based browsers, docker deployment, communication with business application via API REST or Kafka, integration with external authentication systems (via OAuth2),  monitoring via Prometheus Endpoints.

Author: ```suggestion
* Facilitate interactions between operational control centers:
** Share information in real time, as pre-formatted cards that can be sent either manually by operators or automatically by external solutions.
** Introduce pre-formatted question/response exchanges between control centers. This can be used to implement operational processes (with the notion of "last time to respond").  
** Share events in calendar (also allowing repeating events)

In addition, the following features are available :  internationalization, time-zone management, light/dark mode for the UI,  authorization mechanism.

Integration with existing IT systems is an overarching concern: support of Firefox and Chromium-based browsers, docker deployment, communication with business applications via REST API or Kafka, integration with external authentication systems (via OAuth2), monitoring via Prometheus endpoints.
```

OperatorFabric is part of the https://www.lfenergy.org/[LF Energy] coalition, a project of The Linux Foundation that
supports open source innovation projects within the energy and electricity sectors.

OpFab is an open source platform licensed under https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/[Mozilla Public License V2].
The source code is hosted on GitHub in this repository : https://github.com/opfab/operatorfabric-core[operatorfabric-core].

> Documentation is available in https://opfab.github.io/ 

Author: ```suggestion
Documentation is available at https://opfab.github.io/ 
```
